hello there welcome back to the once a
week kitchen today I've decided to do
bangers and mash with a super-duper
onion sauce in the pan I've got two
kilos of potatoes and a teaspoon full of
salt I've covered them in cold water
bringing them to the bile and then I
will bail them for about 20 minutes
until they're soft
meanwhile I'm going to cook the bangers
great sausages in the frying pan
I'm cooking these on quite a long gas
don't want them to brown real quickly
and that's all just keep turning them
until they're well done all of that
while the potatoes are boiling for the
mash meanwhile I want to make onion
sauce to go with their bangers and mash
right on the in sauce this is delicious
it's wonderful with bangers and mash but
you can have it with other meals as well
what are we fancy basic white sauce
really I don't mean say so got an ounce
of butter in the pan we do it slightly
differently with it being on you so so
when to melt right I've got 4 ounces of
finely chopped onions
announcer plain flour a teaspoon full of
1/2 a teaspoon each of salt and pepper
take about maybe three quarters of a
pint of milk so in the pan and what
we're going to do we're going to saute
the onions gently so that this often but
I don't want them to brown so that they
go sort of clear and soft but not not
turned brown and crispy at all so the
butcher is melting in the pan now so I'm
going to pop in the onions right the
onions are sizzling gently now I just
want to sweat this for about five
minutes over low heat
and the plain flour what we want is for
the flour to cook at least 30 seconds
but seeing as it's all over the onions
that we'll leave it to minutes we don't
want the tip the soft taste flour we all
right just little aware that four
minutes it's important to do that if you
don't your wits itself sweetest flower
once you start having a milk now
you keep staring it this should be any
will send the sauce
really loves the camera then
so I'm going to keep staring them too
little to the violin chickens itself is
just going to boil now and it's very
sick it's not until you get it to the
boil that you can tell what consistency
it is so at this stage I'm going to add
some more milk so I want it to fall over
the bangers and mash thickens but not
too thick you'll get to know how you'll
like it when you make some you silly
just needs to see my per minute and
that's it then the self system
my feeling so close now and the bangers
are doing very well so I'm going to swap
the detector on
friend of mine called Nick called the
chef so that the best way to do this is
with an electric mixer I can never be
bothered to get the mixer out and with
this that's all you need to watch
like my sausage is very black so there's
not a mistake
nice portion of lovely mash gorgeous I'm
a petite see you later